well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so we talked about eight minutes in
florida now we're going to talk about
eight days in florida because there have
been some developments
if you are unaware of the situation here
the governor is forcing the schools to
reopen
even those who know it's a bad idea
mandating they reopen
he's doing this because trump told him
to
now trump has since softened on this a
little bit
but not really he goes back and forth
he knows he made a mistake but he's not
enough of a leader to admit it
so while every once in a while you get a
statement from him that seems to say oh
maybe we shouldn't do this
he still pushes for it the governor
is marching in lockstep
so in two weeks unless something changes
the schools are going to open in a lot
of districts
so what has happened what's happened in
the last eight days
we have gone from twenty three thousand
one hundred and seventy cases
involving children starting from the
very beginning
the very beginning to thirty one
thousand
one hundred and fifty a thirty four
percent increase
in eight days seven thousand nine
hundred and eighty cases
almost a thousand cases a day
that first number twenty three thousand
was from the very beginning
8008 days
this is because there was a messaging
change the idea that we're returning to
normal
they're gonna have to go back to school
so parents relaxed
yeah go play let's go back to school
shopping
eight days eight days we had that
increase
and i know there are people saying that
well yeah so they get it
but it doesn't really impact them it's
not like they get
you know really sick or anything in the
same eight days
we have had a 23 increase in
hospitalizations
it's not true it will impact them
the latest research out of south korea
says that children transmit just as
easily as adults
this happened because parents trusted
government officials
who have a long record of showing they
don't care about the kids
they do not care they care about the
economy
and we're going to get to that aspect of
it in a minute
in the state of florida a lot of
districts have distance learning
capabilities use them use them
if your district doesn't you can't get
your kid enrolled
in the state of florida all it takes is
a letter to the superintendent
to pull your kid out of school and start
homeschooling
there are some requirements after that
they involve keeping a binder of your
child's educational activities and stuff
like that
it's not difficult look into it
it is not hard the requirements are not
hard
we are a very homeschool friendly state
who knew
um because i think that may be the best
idea
this is with the schools still closed
this is just with a change in messaging
once the governor forces those schools
to reopen
and kids are back these numbers are
going to go up
and they're all going to say oh nobody
could have predicted this
here's the warning sign this is the
flashing red light that this is a really
bad idea
since nobody really cares about the kids
let's just go ahead and go to what
people care about the economy
kids transmit just as easily so kids in
these petri dishes of schools
will be taking this home to their
parents who will then spread it around
their workplace
the florida economy will grind to a halt
we are tourism how many people go on
vacation
at a leper colony
the governor is going to destroy the
state's children
and its economy in one fell swoop
sadly people seem more concerned about
the economy
and i know there are some people saying
you know for economic reasons
you know kids have to go back to school
for the parents
and that's a tough decision to have to
make that is a tough decision to have to
make
maybe if you look through the
homeschooling stuff you can work out
some other alternative
they do seem seems relatively simple
seems easy
um and then there's the idea
that you know kids have to go back to
school
because that's the only you know meal
they're gonna get
and that sounds great except the people
saying this have absolutely no interest
in solving the issue of poverty they
just want to push it off on the school
and i'd like to point out that in the
guidance
from the cdc it says
the kids should bring their own food
there is no reason to reopen these
schools it's a bad idea
they're going to pretend like they
didn't know here's the warning sign
we're not even open yet just a change in
messaging
altered the outcome
this it's not a it's not a partisan
thing
it's not a partisan thing unless you
ignore the facts on the ground
unless your political party has
indoctrinated you to the point where you
will disbelieve
what you know to be true you're gonna
believe
the party over your own eyes
and you're gonna risk your kids over it
i don't know bury them with a stuffed
elephant i guess
this is a bad idea there's no reason to
reopen these schools
the teachers don't want it the school
administrators don't want it
the the the numbers say it's a bad idea
but hey the guy who
didn't know how to put on his mask well
he says it's important
let's go with that anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day